# Analysis

The function of this program is to automatically create as many NPCs (non-player characters) as a user of the program wants to put into a video game. All of the characters created have the same 5 attributes - their first and last names, their intelligence, charisma, age, and strength.

The way that the program works is that, before anything, it first imports the “random” library. After this, an introduction explaining different statistics is printed, as well as a prompt for a user input asking how many characters should be created. A counter (that starts at 1) is also created. A list of first and last names is then defined so the program is able to have many pre-set options to randomly select from later, instead of a person having to input a new name every time. All of the attributes are rated on a scale of 1-10, and so random numbers in that scale are selected for each. The while loop repeats until the counter is equal to a number that is more than the amount that the user has imputed, and the counter goes up every time the loop has been completed. The first part of the loop is printing a random first and last name and the randomly selected numbers for each attribute. The program then continues on to select a new random number for each attribute so not every NPC has the exact same statistics. The final part of the loop is just adding 1 to the counter to count how many times the loop has run. If the counter is still less than the amount of NPCs the user wants, then the loop will repeat again; if not, the program will end.
